you
[Music]
we're talking about artificial
intelligence and my mind kinda wandered
back to a conversation I had with John
earlier about robots now we were talking
about killer robots during this
particular conversation we were talking
about sex robots something that John is
intrigued by uh look let's keep it real
you're the one who kept bringing it up
during our lucky break I suggested the
story because it was a good story right
okay so uh he was mentioning I I think
when we did that story on the second
hour Jake and I came off as a little
judgy you know like yeah I think sex
with a robot you know what about human
interaction this and that and John kept
talking about how artificial
intelligence will make those sex robots
so similar to women that women will be
unnecessary that I did definitely 100a
did not say people say relationships
with their rope that I say that is a
different rate and then little robot
will do exactly what you wanted to do
you know it is buttons you just asked
about John you are so attractive oh my
god I can't help myself
wonderful um okay my interest in uh
sex robots in relationship to the robots
is not principally about myself rather
than understanding of what people are
like and I think that when they become
widely available it's just going to be
too difficult for people to turn down
it's not a strictly sexual thing look at
like what's going on in I'll just say
Japan I feel bad for down in Japan but
the diesel like am i bows and other
things like that they're getting popular
not just with young people but also with
old people for companionship yeah robots
eventually can be companions people love
their little Roombas little uh vacuum
cleaners I think they know and have sex
with it though no but they might they
might think it's their friend at some
point if you talk back to them it's easy
to say oh it's not really thinking those
things does really believe those things
look the human mind is not is driven by
free will as most people think most of
what we see is free will is a
rationalization after an emotional
reaction to something it's mostly faked
rationality we can think of robots -
would you be willing to have a
relationship with a robot I would be
open to the possibility of having a
relationship
and I'm not going to be the only one
Norma gonna be the first one because I
almost certainly will be afforded you
would be open no I'm talking about a
real relationship like you marry a robot
okay that you want I'm not quite there
with you but I see John's point like if
they're here yeah why not Wow actually
just second yeah but that might take my
fucking robot out the dare that the
whole point of having a fucking robot we
all have to think about the devil yeah
that's that's what I'm saying like you
can't replace human interaction with a
robot that has artificial intelligence
like I guess you can rise it sure you
can convince yourself that it's real but
at the end of the day it's not a real
person who has a spontaneous reaction to
something that's happening in your life
code spontaneity why not oh I think that
look look there's a I believe it's
called the Turing test and what they do
is they have you communicate through
computer to a person or robot you don't
know which and the idea is they're
trying to create artificial intelligence
that can fool I think it's at least 50%
of people talk with them into thinking
it's a human and it's been getting
better and better over time it's not
long off if it's it it might already
have been passed where robots are able
to fool you through a text interface
into thinking you're speaking to a human
and if you can put that type of
artificial intelligence on the other
side of a facebook chat window why can't
you put it inside of a robot face that
looks human every once in a while I'll
catch John in like the janitor's closet
talking to Siri I'm just like what's
going on in there you know trying to be
an orgasm Siri
you
[Music]